I want to tell you guys a story that happened recently on how I was looking for a job on Discord freelancing servers and how that led to me on the phone with a North Korean spy. Potentially exposing how North Korea uses Discord to recruit people to work for North Korea. It sounds like a lot, but we're going to ease into it because the way this whole entire video started is I just wanted to look at Discord freelancing servers and just talk about scams and troll scammers. So things start off pretty innocent. I'm looking for English collars that slash translators from creator who's online right now. Hopefully I get a job so I can pay off all that alimony. Thanks for your apply. Where are you from? Hello the creator. I am from America. What is your job? Camping. But that's been dying down recently so I'm looking for a new job. Especially since my wife recently divorced me over my work so I'm trying to win her back. Could you tell me more information about the job? I am a CTO of an IT agency based on Canada. We are going to cover it field in America. For ambitious goal we need help from USA men. Have you ever heard of Upwork.com? I have now. Upwork.com is a website like Fiverr where basically you just find people to do work for you. So creator tells me that he liked me to create an upwork account and rent it to him and he's going to pay me 10% of its income every month and he also says that he's going to do the same thing with my LinkedIn account as well. Now this is actually a pretty common scam on LinkedIn and Upwork. What they will do is they will actually pay you money to rent your LinkedIn account and scam people on LinkedIn. Now the way that the scam works is that the job seekers, the people that are getting scammed, will get contacted by scammers who pose as hiring managers or recruiters and the accounts that they use to pretend to be a hiring manager or a recruiter is your account. What these scammers will do is go through and talk the talk with these job seekers, going through a virtual interview, receiving a job offer and what ends up happening is that they're asked to provide personal information such as your social insurance number which is Canada's version of your social security number and your driver's license which can all lead to identity theft. As Mr. Creator is using your Upwork or LinkedIn account to scam people, you get 10% of these fraudulent earnings if he actually does pay you but all of the scam is under your LinkedIn account which is under your name or your Upwork account which is under your name because to sign up for these services you need to have ID verification. I'm just going to say if you're in the situation where your LinkedIn account with your whole account name in it is being used to scam people and you get paid for it, a good look trying to explain that to any law enforcement. And again, when you sign up for these websites you need to provide your ID and there's a pretty good chance that Creator here is going to ask for your ID if they just want to steal your identity straight up. Now since I didn't want to get my identity stolen yet, I decided to reach out to a couple of more people on Discord about their job opportunities and these people started to lead me towards good old North Korea. Oh my goodness, it's weed. I got an email this guy or put them on telegram, not going to do that. May I know your end level? I mean your English level. Fluent. I can write naughty minion fanfiction off the top of my dome. The short minion enters the bedroom only wearing a thin set of underwear. The big minion lying in bed. The box of chocolates. Mouth. A gate. Gasp. At the short minions. A tire. Is that good enough for you? Great. Hmm, job description 1.PDF. This is the description of this position. Oh, this guy knows how to rhyme too. That's good. JD Interview Partner. Unique job opportunity. Interview partner for a senior software engineer. Basically, this guy is trying to use me as someone to go through job interviews. You'll receive all necessary information before each review. During the interview, I will guide you by typing responses in real time for you to read aloud. They're asking you an interview question. Has to type it out and then you respond. So it's like, what is your name, my good sir? What do I get for being this guy's puppet and getting him jobs? I will receive 30% of the salary after tax for each job secured. So if the salary is $15,000 per month, I will receive $3,000 per month. If you help secure a second job, your earnings can increase to $63,000 per month. I don't know what the scam is other than like maybe some sort of employment fraud. Do you have any experience in software developments? Not at all. I can barely use my keyboard. You know, things are getting desperate. And at this point, I'm just looking for a job where I work for free. And we have Howard here, who is definitely a real human being and not a bought account on Discord with the username Howard, www.19932955. Hello everyone. I have an idea that could help us secure more development projects across the US and Europe. The candidate would receive 20 to 30% of monthly income from the projects as compensation. Howard, I am interested in your job. After being a victim of a botched plastic surgery to make me look like my favorite kpop idol, I need money to help fix my disassembled face. Please provide more details about the job and how to move forward. Howard style. Okay, let me explain about that. I am a software developer from Italy and I'm going to get US jobs, but I'm not a US citizen and native English speaker. So I am looking for a person to collaborate with me. I'm good at collaborating, specifically when it comes to more than casual business relationships. So can you do interviews? Oh, these are the same scams. So what is Howard and we trying to do here in terms of making me do job interviews? Well, this is another type of scam that I was trying to look for. Now it's not much of a scam. It's a weird type of fraud that happens in the industry, but the thing that we were just asked to do goes by a variety of names, the bait and switch interview, proxy interviewing, the fake candidate scam, job interview fraud. The way that it works is that someone, a job candidate, will hire another person, you know, a charismatic fellow like me who can write minion fanfiction. And my job is to pretend to be the person, sit through the job interviews and land them the position. I want to point out that this stuff generally is dangerous for the industry because in the business insider article, they talked about how a hospital team was in a rush to fill the job position because it turns out the last person that they hired to land the job was a fraud. He was a proxy interviewer who actually got hired, but when he got to his job on the first day, he started having trouble with basic technical issues. And what ended up happening is that for some very basic maintenance, it caused an hour long connectivity outage for every medical device and computer on an entire floor of a hospital, which left doctors unable to remotely monitor patients' vital signs. People could have died because this guy is a fucking idiot. Now I don't want to give anyone any ideas here, but some random dude was offered $60 an hour to sit on three to five job interviews. However, I don't want to give you any ideas because sometimes these scammers will just straight up ask you, can you show me your ID card, which you should never do, but some people will do that and congratulations. You are now a victim of identity fraud. Fun. And as I continue to read people's opinions on the matter, I came across this comment that said, my Cisco was warned that FinTech companies are being targeted by North Korea and China with the desire to gain access to financial infrastructure. At the time I was researching this, I completely brushed this off. It's discord. It's a fucking chat platform. North Korea is not going to be using it to try and spy on American companies and espionage and all that crap. That's at least what I thought until I started going deeper and deeper into things. Because things come to a head in terms of this North Korean conspiracy theory when we get to our next posting. Miring Remote by Pro, who's online right now with the username Earn.Money. Oh, I'm expanding my market to worldwide and looking for people to collaborate with me from all these locations. It's absolutely remote and flexible work with good compensation. No skills and experience. Perfect for me. Must have a laptop. Must be 20 to 35. Send me a DM filling out this form for more detail. Hello, I was recently injured in my workplace after falling off a ladder and landing on a conical spike that entered me. I'm interested in your job. My name is Brad. I'm 29. I look like I'm 20. American. My last job was an adult toy manufacturing assistant and I expect up to $100,000. Are you available for a call with me? And after edging this dude for 20 minutes saying that I'm joining, I decide to actually join the Google meets call where I act like a dumb American. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Can you hear me? Hello. Yeah, I can hear you. Thank you for joining. Yes, I will explain about my plan. So I may software engineer and I'm currently visiting Japan. You know that the average salary in America is much higher than other countries. So as a developer, it is two times much, much more than in Japan. Two times what? Sorry. Two times higher than Japan. That's just higher times two, right? Yeah, that's right. Okay. What you have to do is just create some accounts, social accounts for me and I will update their profile as a software developer. Do you use LinkedIn? No. You don't need, you don't use and it means you don't need it. Yeah, it's a waste of money. So. Okay. I don't have a lot of money right now just because of the accident. You know, yeah. Yeah. But it's bad. Yeah. It's bad. Like the accident, I had to sell everything. It was bad. Yeah, it was bad. And like I got a pot in a wheelchair and I had to go through like, you know, physical therapy just so that my legs would work and it's crazy with the accident. Like, you know, it's not just my legs that didn't work, you know, like it was everything. It was everything below the waist, you know, like my most important thing wasn't working, you know? I'll go to it. Yeah, I didn't know. I'm sorry to hear that. Oh, it's all good. That's what the jobs for though. I'm trying to pay to get my, my, my, my legs and my weener working. Now, I'm going to be honest with you for a second, but during the time I was going through this call, I was actually really concerned that I was just talking to some nice guy in a foreign country that was just trying to make more money by working in the US. So I started to kind of feel bad if I'm going to be honest, but I stuck with it and I'm sure glad I did. So are you single? If I ask about your job. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Now, yeah, my wife left me because of the accident, but now I have all the time in the world to try and get myself, you know, metaphorically and realistically back on my feet. Oh, it's really bad. I didn't know that I'm very sorry, very sorry to hear that. It's all good. They gave me an electric wheelchair. So at least I have that going for me. You know, if it was man, if it was manual, that'd be a lot harder. But since this one is electric, you know, I can at least look cool on it. Anyways, what are you saying about LinkedIn again? Okay, let's dive into our topic. So we are talking more LinkedIn. So what you have to do is to support me with your accounts are not only LinkedIn, but there can be several several platforms like our account. And then you need to modify your identity on those platforms. So at this point during the call, I'm trying to realize what scam is going on. And at this point, I thought he was just going to do a typical identity fraud scam where he's like, Hey, send me your ID so we can verify you on LinkedIn and air quotes. And then he just uses my ID to take out loans and then my credit score goes down. Don't worry, it's already at zero anyways, but turns out that's not the case. And one more thing is that in case I'm using your accounts, I need to work on your computer. It's due to policies of platforms. So the policy of these platforms are very straight. For example, on LinkedIn, they detect the IPs of the machines. So if I am using your account on my computer, they detect that I logged in your account in Japan and blocked your account. So that's why I should work on your computer. Oh, okay. Does it make sense? Do I need to send you my computer? No, no, no, no, not sent. There are remote softwares like any of this. I, I will send you the link. Now I assumed the second he sent me this link that he's going to try and do one of those normal tech support scams you see from like Kit Vogue on YouTube. I thought he was going to log into my bank account and try to steal my money or log into my account and steal my passwords or maybe just download malware on my computer. I thought this was the end of the scam and thankfully I was on a virtual machine, but it wasn't the end of the scam. It just gets deeper. Oh, I got a new number. Do you want me to read the number? No, no, no, no. This is my three, eight, nine, five, zero, six, one, zero. Okay, please accept, accept that it's me. It's me who's access. It says administrator. Is that you? Yeah, that's me. Yeah. Okay, I can access to your computer. Do you agree to work with me? So. I don't have any problems. We've been we've been chit chat and for a while. I think this is quite interesting. Okay, okay. That's cool. If I sit the password here on any disk, I can access to a computer when I need to. So if you're not sure what's going on, what he's doing here is he's setting a password on any desk so that he can access my laptop at any time. So if I'm away from my laptop, I don't need to click on accept. He can just log in with his password and access my computer whenever he wants to. Do you want me to close my eyes? No, no, no, no, I can't feel it. I said, I said the password is a red code scare with your name and with my name. If this was an actual tech support scam, he wouldn't tell me the password, but he shares the password with me. It's not one of those scams. You and I work together. So you provide me that accounts and I work on that doesn't make sense. So I act like I'm you. So if you are you going to also have to have your legs not work, you're going to have to go through the accident to be me because you know what they say, right? Like you don't really know a person unless you've, you know, rolled a mile in their wheelchair. Yeah, I know that I understand you. Is that you and your profile picture? No, this is just a model. So I thought it was you. I said you would look pretty cute in that dress. I have a male, but this is even if you're a male or a female. I got it, but I don't, I don't wear a dress. I usually wear. Yeah. Okay, got it. Okay, so I got to make a LinkedIn account, right? Yeah, you used the LinkedIn account to find jobs. And you connect the payment to your account. And if I get a job and get paid from the companies, I will try to get our remote jobs. He's going to connect the payment to my actual bank account, which doesn't make sense at all to me in any way. What's the whatever? Everything that he's doing here is so obscure. When you're trying to scam someone, you usually lie to the person you're scamming, but this guy is pretty upfront with most things. The developer salary in the United States is about $2,000 a month. Is that right? Yeah. Wow. Wow. You know that. Wow. And then you might pay for tax and do I have to pay my taxes? If you get the job, actually, I will get the job and due to the law, you should follow the law. If you have any work on the law, what we doing is that is that you're going to have this level, a legal? Like is this loud? Yeah. We can solve that problem as well. No, that's just a yes or no question. Is what we doing and doing is all this work and thing and sign it up for LinkedIn? Is this illegal? I imagine this. It's just a yes or no question. That's what I'm asking. I'm not asking for some big roundabout story. Is this illegal? What we're doing? I'm trying to find it, but okay, that's not with me. It's okay. I just wanted to know if you are trying on freelancing platforms, there is nothing or nothing to worry about. And if you are trying for jobs, it's kind of illegal. But if his point is to just get a job, everything that he's doing is so convoluted and just trying to hide from someone else, which is starting to make me think, is this person trying to hide from the government somehow? But I don't want to just go conspiracy theorists. I need to learn more. So I continue playing along with the scam and just talk to my good old dear friend that has heard almost everything from me. Can you create a Gmail now? Can I touch my computer? Okay, just a second. I will open Chrome. You can create a Gmail now for LinkedIn account, personal news. Personal news. Personal news. All right, September 11, 2001. I like it. I like it. No, no, no, no. No, I think we need owner Brad 631. That one's pretty good. All right, password. Boner Brad 631. You should add a one. I don't want to. There we go. No, we don't need to save it. I memorized it. If it just input your phone number, I need to pick the right country. They don't got Japan on here for you to put your number in. No, no, no, no, your country. You will create it with your phone number and then you need to choose your country. If you input your phone number, it automatically says the country. Does it? Okay. And then what? No, no, your phone number. Please input your phone number. Japan phone number. I know, no, no, your phone number. Oh, okay, I got you. I got you. Yeah, your phone number. Your phone number. I know. Number. I spelled it wrong. That's why. Hi, hello, Brad. Brad. I'm not telling you to input your phone number. Just your real phone number. Real phone number. Okay, I'm going to be honest at this point, I completely fucked up. I do not have a phone number to make any account. So you want me to put in the phone number? Yeah, your real phone number. Oh, that's why it wasn't working because I was putting it. I was just putting in random numbers. I was just going like this, you know, and then pressing enter. There we go. What the? What in the error code seven is this going on? Oh, mother, making me do the whole thing again. You know what? It's getting late at six o'clock. I got to go make dinner soon. Do you want me to invite you over after? Uh, okay, but I should know your name, your flame and birthday to create those accounts. Anyway, you can just put, you can just put in random numbers. I mean, we're just on our first call, you know, our first date. Uh, okay, okay, okay. You know, like I think, I think we get to know each other a little bit more before, you know, like I, you know, when you go on a date with someone, you don't give them the keys to your house the first time and you and I, we got to spend some time together, getting closer, understandable. Yeah. You know, okay. Do you admire a guy whose legs and weener doesn't work? Uh, sorry. I think I didn't understand you. I said, do you admire a guy who six foot five stature in a wheelchair, weener non-functional? Is that something you look for? Uh, yes, I'm, yes, I've got a desire to admire. Wonderful. Well, okay. It's been an honor. Thank you, my new business partner. Uh, yeah. Thank you as well. Uh, I really appreciate your help. Oh, not a problem. I love you. Uh, I'm your chair. Oh, no, you hang out first. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Bye-bye. Holy f***. Now, since I didn't know what was going on, I really needed to take a step back. I've never heard of someone trying to get a job under your name. I've heard of something that's kind of the other way around. But what outsourcing is, is instead of doing your job, instead, you just hire someone in a different country where their labor is cheaper and you get them to do your job for you. So anyways, let's pretend we're all a corporation bootlicker and we love big corporate. Well, there's this business insider article talking about scamming the boss. Some employees are outsourcing their jobs to other people. That's just called being a manager, but it's still scamming, apparently. But here's how the companies are spotting the fraudsters. Now, I don't really give a crap about any of that. The main thing I want to point out with outsourcing, which will help me explain what's going on with Kassuke here, is that there are security risks when it comes to outsourcing your job. Because the practice of outsourcing creates more opportunities for any bad actors to infiltrate a company's proprietary systems. If you're making the code for a website, you can intentionally put in a back door so you can attack the website or steal their company data. And since outsourcing has these sort of issues, there are cases where foreign entities, specifically North Korea, will have fake IT workers that try to infiltrate companies. But no before needed a software engineer in our eternal ITAIT. We posted the job, received resumes, conducted interviews, performed background checks, verified references, and hired the person. They did everything normal. They sent in their Mac workstation and the moment it was received, it immediately started to load malware. But instead of hearing what some random company know before is talking about, why don't we just hear it directly from the F.K.N.F.B.I. themselves and in unclassified documents, talking about the guidance on the Democratic People's Republic of Korea Information Technology Workers, aka North Korean IT Workers. The US Department of State, the US Department of the Treasury, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, are issuing this advisory for the international community, the private sector, and the public to warn of attempts by Democratic People's Republic of Korea, DPRK aka North Korea, information technology, IT, the acronyms are up the f**king wazoo. But North Korean IT workers to obtain employment while posing as non-North Korean nationals. But the DPRK dispatches thousands of highly skilled IT workers around the world to generate revenue that contributes to its weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missile programs, all in violation of US and US sanctions. These IT workers take advantage of existing demands for specific IT skills, such as software and mobile application development, to obtain freelance employment contracts from clients around the world, including in North America, Europe, and East Asia. You know how Kusuke was talking to me about freelance websites? I think things are starting to click from me here. Ladies and gentlemen, let me just say before I read this, I was completely against the idea that I was talking to someone from North Korea. But the workers may further obfuscate their identities and or location by subcontracting work to non-North Koreans. What is going on right now? Me being offered a job where I do an interview for someone and I'm basically the face of this dude as an employee. That matches exactly what the sentence is saying. And to make it clear, this dude isn't going to just work for the company and hack into it, he might just straight up work for the company and actually give me that money. Because as the FBI says, although DPRK IT workers normally engage in normal IT work distinct from malicious cyber activity, so they just work for the company normally. They will do that, but in some cases they will use their privileged access gained as contractors to enable the DPRK's malicious cyber intrusion, so they will put in backdoors depending on what the goal is. The unfortunate thing is that there are likely instances where the workers are subjected to forced labor. But it's pretty clear that if the workers are trying to hide their identities by subcontracting work, they're trying to recruit people to work with North Korean spies. Which then brings me to the case with Kusuke, because if I just ask him straight up, hey are you in North Korean, he's going to say no I'm Japanese. But I don't know, it's kind of tough to tell when he has a Korean sounding accent. So how do I know if this guy is from North Korea or not? Am I actually talking to a fucking North Korean spy? And then a ring dinger of an idea hit me. I hit up Kusuke, good morning Kusuke, how are you doing? I'm ready to work, ladies and gentlemen, I got in a call with our good little Kusuke. Oh there we go, I see you again, okay. Access. There we go. Alright. What is this background? That is one nervous chuckle. If this guy is North Korean and I say something bad about North Korea, he would instantly freeze up and leave before he gets in trouble. So I do what had to be done, folks. I think that one should work. What do you think? Just a second. I will call you up to two minutes, okay? Oh, okay. He blocked me. And that made me think, if this dude is a North Korean spy, there's gotta be more spies, right? Well you know Mr. Weed that wanted a senior full stack developer. You know the guy I wrote, naughty fan fiction about minions too. I decided to contact him again today, you know, I was on a roll. Just trying to prove whether or not these people are actually North Korean, because one might be a mistake, but two people might have something going for us. High weed, how are you doing today? I'm good. Thank you for asking how about you. I'm good, thank you, thank you. Here's the thing man, I need some hope with some translation. What languages do you speak? Finish. I just hope for some help in Korean. Any other languages or just finish? English. Now you can see we're having a pretty all right conversation. He's responding to me within a minute. 1019, 1019, 1020. I don't know, stick drifter, something. I accidentally send him in Korean that Kim Jong-un is fat. I say, whoops my bad. Are you fluent in finish? Are you a native speaker, you know, a couple minutes later? Are we gonna move forward with the job? Are you there? But Howard, again, had to deal with me this morning being excited to talk to all my new friends. Howard, someone else was sending messages through my account. How are you doing today? How I'm doing good? What about you? Then he asked for my ID card and I'm like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I need some help first. I need help with some translating something I was sent. And well, I did what I had to do again, folks. So Howard is typing. I send in my reverse curse technique of Kim Jong-un is fat. You want me to do interview? Okay. What do you need? Eh. I think I stumbled across something that's gonna require a lot of explaining to men in black suits that show up randomly at my door. But the crazy thing about this whole entire thing is specifically with Kusuke. He promised me a lot of money. And the crazy thing is that if I was either desperate for money or not skeptical about this whole thing, I wouldn't have any idea whatsoever that I was funding North Korea by working with this dude or putting some tech company at risk of espionage. And I know some of you guys are some big hustle boy-os, you know, you and you take grind set. You want to make gazillions of dollars a minute. Note text to speech, you just gave me a new business idea. Why don't I work with the North Koreans? Don't. Because as I was researching, I found this article by ours Technica. Arizona woman accused of helping North Koreans get remote IT jobs at 300 companies. Good old Christina Mary Chapman, 49, living in Arizona allegedly raised $6.8 million. And she allegedly funneled the money into North Koreans munitions industry department. You know how I was controlling the money from Kusuke? I'm sending the money to someone. And you want to know how America's going to look at it? They're going to say that I was funneling money into North Korea. You can see how this is extremely f***ing dangerous. In the indictment on this lady, prosecutors wrote, the conspiracy perpetrated a staggering fraud on a multitude of industries at the expense of generally unknowing US companies and persons. It impacted more than 300 US companies, compromised more than 60 identities of US persons, calls false information to be conveyed to DHS on more than 100 occasions. I gotta breathe, there's so much stuff that she did wrong. Created false tax liabilities for more than 35 US persons, and resulted in at least $6.8 million of revenue to be generated for the overseas IT workers. The overseas IT workers worked at Blue Chip US companies, including a top five national television network and media company, a premier Silicon Valley technology company, an aerospace and defense manufacturer, that's probably Lockheed Martin, an iconic American car manufacturer, probably Ford, a high end retail chain, and one of the most recognizable media and entertainment companies in the world, all of which for Fortune 500 companies. It turns out what happened is that Chapman operated a laptop farm at one of her houses that gives the employees the impression of the North Korean IT staffers were working within the US. You know how Mr. Kusuke wanted to log into my laptop? He's trying to do the same thing to me! And when you work at a company, you usually get a nice free laptop from your employer, and I think that the cycle would continue, you know, if I was stupid enough and needed money to fix both of my legs, I would probably follow in Chapman's footsteps. The lady that did this was arrested on Wednesday. But if she was convicted, she would face 97 and a half years in prison, so as much as you might be a big money-michael. With 97 years in prison, I don't think it's worth it. I would say though, it's a pretty sick prison story on how you helped North Korea. Anyways gamers, I already know the FBI or North Korea will probably be knocking on my door, so if I disappear for a long time, it wasn't by my own choice. Anyways gamers, bye bye, I love you!